Add gh pages with allure (#3)
stefanteixeira/demo-playwright-test: .github/pull_request_template.md

> **1. Task Description:**
> 
> - describe the task if necessary
> 
> **2. How to test:**
> 
> - `yarn test:<any>` - choose the necessary spec
> 
> **3. Comments:**
> 
> - to write a comment, if necessary, for a better understanding
> 
> **4. Checklist review:**
> 
> - [ ] Name of the branch follows the pattern:  title-of-feature
> - [ ] Name of the PR follows the pattern: [FEATURE] title-of-feature
> - [ ] The PR is signed by someone
> - [ ] The PR has the correct label
> - [ ] The build is green
> - [ ] The branch can be deleted

Reviewer: @uLucasFraga I added some suggestions and removed some unnecessary things (since I revisited the repository settings).

Also, could you please update the file name to be `PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md`? Just to keep consistency with other GH files

```suggestion
### Description 

Describe the changes from the Pull Request.

### How to test

- `yarn install`
- FIXME: Add steps describing how to test your changes manually

### Checklist

- [ ] Branch name follows the pattern:  `feature-description`
- [ ] PR branch is up-to-date with `main` (if not, rebase it)
- [ ] Double-check the quality of [commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
- [ ] PR has a descriptive name
```

Author: amazing!
sure, sure.
